Docs: 3.1 Release (#54)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: docs/environment_variables.mdx

## Desktop and Online

- `REACT_APP_VOLUME`![boolean](https://img.shields.io/badge/-boolean-lightgrey)![default false](https://img.shields.io/badge/default-false-yellow)![buildtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): whether the participant is being asked to adjust volume. This can be used on both the desktop (electron) and online settings.
- `REACT_APP_PARTICIPANT_ID` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The default participant id to show when authorizing a participant. If not set, user will need to enter the value in the provided input box.
- `REACT_APP_STUDY_ID` ![string](https://img.shields.io/badge/-string-grey)![optional](https://img.shields.io/badge/-optional-yellow)![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): The default study id to show when authorizing a participant. If not set, user will need to enter the value in the provided input box.

> ## Understanding Build Time and Run Time Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding Build-Time and Run-Time Variables

```

- ![runtime](https://img.shields.io/badge/-runtime-purple): Run-time environment variables allow for quick changes before running the task. They are convenient since they don't require building a whole different executable. For a Desktop Application, these are set at the system level and must be available at the time where the task runs. See [this tutorial for OS specific instructions.](https://www.imatest.com/docs/editing-system-environment-variables/#Windows). For a Firebase Application, these must be stored in the Firestore.

> - ![build time](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): Build-time environment variable are configured before the application is built and cannot be changed at run-time. They are configured via `.env` files before building. Instead of using a single `.env` file, we prefer to defined separate files under the `env/` directory, and use a package called `dotenv-cli` before building`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![build time](https://img.shields.io/badge/-buildtime-blue): Build-time environment variables are configured before the application is built and cannot be changed at run-time. They are configured via `.env` files before building. Instead of using a single `.env` file, we prefer to define separate files under the `env/` directory, and use a package called `dotenv-cli` before building`.

```

Based on this statement, maybe the run-time block should be listed after build-time an ddotenv-cli?

Author: Hmm, yeah good idea. I'll at least make a statement about `dotenv`
